Past price updates not allowed (#133)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: operations/services.md

## Update rate price

> Updates price of a rate in the specified intervals. If the `CategoryId` is specified, updates price of the corresponding [Space category](enterprises.md#space-category), otherwise updates the base price for all space categories. Note that prices are defined daily, so when the server receives the UTC interval, it first converts it to enterprise timezone and updates the price on all dates that the interval intersects. Only root rates can be updated (the rates that have no base rate, that have `BaseRateId` set to `null`). It's not allowed to update past prices outside of `EditableHistoryInterval`, future updates aren't restricted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates price of a rate in the specified intervals. If the `CategoryId` is specified, updates price of the corresponding [Space category](enterprises.md#space-category), otherwise updates the base price for all space categories. Note that prices are defined daily, so when the server receives the UTC interval, it first converts it to enterprise timezone and updates the price on all dates that the interval intersects. Only root rates can be updated (the rates that have no base rate, that have `BaseRateId` set to `null`). It's not allowed to update past prices outside of `EditableHistoryInterval`, future updates are allowed for up to 5 years.
```
